Sub: Unauthorised Broadcasts of Audio-visual Footage from the TATA  
Indian Premier League 2024  
  
1. I am an agent authorised to act on behalf of the owner of  
intellectual property rights. The intellectual property rights include  
the copyright in and the rights to broadcast live cricket matches of  
the TATA Indian Premier League 2024 ("League") organised under the  
auspices of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (“BCCI”). These  
rights include, without limitation, TV Live Broadcast Rights and TV  
Highlights Rights (“Exclusive TV Rights”), Mobile Rights and Internet  
Rights (“Exclusive Digital Streaming Rights”), for Live, Deferred,  
Delayed broadcasts and Highlights for all matches of the League  
(“Matches”) on Television and on the Internet (collectively,  
“Exclusive Rights”). These Exclusive Rights originate with the BCCI,  
and the BCCI and its authorised licensees are entitled to enforce  
these rights. For your information, the Exclusive TV Rights have been  
granted to STAR India Private Limited (“STAR”), for the territory of  
the Indian sub-continent (“Territory”), and the Exclusive Digital  
Streaming Rights have been granted to Viacom18 Media Private Limited  
(“JioCinema”), for the Territory.  
  
2. Proprietary audio-visual footage and production content relating to  
the Matches ("Copyrighted Content") will be transmitted with license  
and authorisation on various platforms from India by STAR, JioCinema,  
and their authorised sub licensees in the Territory.  
  
3. The Copyrighted Content has been identified and is accessible, as  
of the date of this notice, at the following URLs:  
  
[invalid]  
[invalid]  
[invalid]  
[invalid]  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Astro.html  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Astro_Cricket  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Batting_Cam  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Batting_Cam_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=BENGALI  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=BENGALI_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Bengali_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=BHOJPURI  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=BHOJPURI_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Bhojpuri_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=ENGLISH  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=ENGLISH_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=English_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=GUJARATI  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=GUJARATI_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Gujrati_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Hang_out  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Hariyanvi_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Hero_Cam  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Hero_Cam_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=HINDI  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=HINDI_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Hindi_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=KANNADA  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=KANNADA_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Kannada_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=MALAYALAM  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=MALAYALAM_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Malayalam_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=MARATHI  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=MARATHI_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Marathi_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Multi_Cam  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Multi_Cam_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Odia  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Odia_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=PANJABI  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=PANJABI_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Punjabi_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Sky_Cricket  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Spider_Cam  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Spider_Cam_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Sports_1  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Sports_1_Hindi  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Sports_1_tamil  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Stump_Cam  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Stump_Cam_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Super_1  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Super_2  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=TAMIL  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=TAMIL_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Tamil_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=TELUGU  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=TELUGU_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Telugu_Ads_free  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=The_Insider  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=The_Insider_4K  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Play.html?id=Willow_Cricket  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Sports.html?id=828  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Sports.html?id=829  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Sports.html?id=876  
https://denverog.github.io/DenverLinks.in/Sports.html?id=877  
  
4. The Copyrighted Content is hosted, without licence, on the  
following IP address: [private]
  
5. Please immediately disable access to the streams and URLs listed  
above and suspend them from your servers to prevent continued  
violation of the Exclusive Rights referred to above.  
  
6. Please also take appropriate action against the account holder for  
repeat infringements under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service  
Agreement.  
  
7. I have a good faith belief that the use of the Copyrighted Content  
as described above is not authorised by the copyright owner, its  
agent, or the law.  
  
8. I understand that this notice may lead to the termination of the  
user account and URLs associated with the infringements detailed  
above.  
  
9. Your immediate acknowledgement and action is solicited with respect  
to this notice.  
  
10. I may be contacted via e-mail at [private], via  
fax on [private], or at BCCI Rights, Copyright Integrity  
International, [private] in relation to  
this notice.  
  
11. I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in  
this notice is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of  
the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
  
12. The BCCI reserves all its rights in this matter.  
  
// [private] //  
